Added clarifying note about `Remove-Item` (#8457)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md

the `Set-Item` cmdlet to append `;c:\temp` to the value of the `Path`
environment variable, use the following syntax:

```powershell
Remove-Item -Path Env:Path
```

> In this command, the variable is cleared. Note: that the environment
> variable is used as a path and `$` is not used.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this command, the variable is cleared. Note that the environment
variable is referenced as an Item path and `$` is not used.  
```
